feature/update driver internal id rule [CARROT-1036] (#43)
carrot-foundation/audit-rules: apps/methodologies/bold/rule-processors/mass/driver-internal-id/README.md

    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>

>         <td>Verify if the internal driver identification is declared in an event when the 'move type' is identified as 'Pick-up' or 'Shipment-request'.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Verify if the internal driver identification is declared in an event when the `move-type` is identified as `Pick-up` or `Shipment-request`.</td>
```
